Webserver updates (#2424)
GMLC-TDC/HELICS: docs/user-guide/advanced_topics/webserver.md

Arguments are passed to servers using an option in the form `--<server>_server_args`, and in that arg field `--<server>_port` and `--<server>_interface` are valid arguments. Valid server names are `http`, `websocket`, `zmq`, 'tcp', and `udp`, and eventually `mpi`. The http web server also acknowledges `HELICS_HTTP_PORT` as an environment variable. The websocket server acknowledges `HELICS_WEBSOCKET_PORT` for the port numbers of the respective servers.

> By default the webserver only runs on the localhost this can be modified by specifying the external address directly or by declaring `--external` in the arguments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the webserver only listens for connections on the localhost network interface, this can be modified by specifying the external address directly or by declaring `--external` in the arguments.
```
